Remove unnecessary bracket in docs (#1018)
tinacms/tinacms.org: content/docs/media-cloudinary.md

## Connect with Cloudinary

> You need some credentials provided by Cloudinary to set this up properly. If you do not already have an account, you can [register here](https://cloudinary.com/users/register/free).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You need to provide your Cloudinary credentials to connect to your media library. Do [register on Cloudinary](https://cloudinary.com/users/register/free) if you don't have an account yet, your account details are displayed on the Cloudinary dashboard.
```
